= WARNING

This Cookbook configures Exim Mail server with SmartHost Authenticated Relaying.  There are some basic settings to be configured for this cookbook to be useful.  Plase don't commit those settings in your cookbook on github publicly, if you do other people can see your smtp credentials and use them to spam.  So please guard your SMTP Credentials.

= DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook removes ssmtp, and installs Exim and configures it to relay to another mail server, as well as enables smtp authentication so you can install this cookbook on your utility instance and send from your application instances.  You will need to make that file yourself with soms specifics,

= /data/exim/passwd:

This is the 'passwd' file for SMTP Authentication (clients connecting to Exim to relay out to your sendgrid account for example), it's format is very specific.

#{username}:#{cryptedpassword}:#{plaintextpassword}

You need to use the sytem crypt() function to generate the cryptedpassword.  Great example is passwd deploy and then grep deploy /etc/shadow

= SMTP VARIABLES:

== my_hostname 

The hostname you want Exim to think it is.  You can set this to your domain name so email appears to come from the same domain as your web site.

== smtp_username

The Username you use to authenticate against on the Smarthost.

== smtp_password

The Password you use to authenticate on the Smarthost.

== smtp_host 

The Smarthost IP or FQDN, (e.g. smtp.sendgrid.com)

= USAGE:

Copy this folder into your ey-cloud-recipes repo

Modify main/recipes/default.rb to require_recipe "exim"

Commit to your ey-cloud-recipes git repo and push it up to github, then modify the recipes for your credentials.

Git commit again, but this time *PLEASE* don't push it up to github.

Now run ey-cloud-recipes --deploy <ENV>

Now rm -rf ey-cloud-recipe and git clone git@github.com:user/ey-cloud-recipes.git

= NOTE: If your ey-cloud-recipes repo is private you can ignore my warnings, or if you host it on a private server.
